docs: clarify where `convox run` processes are run (#317)
convox/convox: docs/management/run.md

## Spawning a new Process

Using `convox run` will start a new [Process](../reference/primitives/app/process.md) of the specified

> [Service](../reference/primitives/app/service.md) on a Convox node and run your command inside the new Process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Service](../reference/primitives/app/service.md) on your current Rack and run your command inside the new Process.
```

a random [Process](../reference/primitives/app/process.md) of that Service.

    $ convox exec web bash

>     root@web#

Author: :mag: 

Yeah idk what this change is about :shrug:
